Edit Terms&Definitions as per ISO comments (#643)
buildingSMART/IFC4.3.x-development: content/terms_and_definitions.md

## classification

act of assigning objects to classes according to criteria

[SOURCE: ISO 22274:2013, 3.5, modified - The word "process" has been replaced by "act"]

## classification system

systematic collection of classes organized according to a known set of rules, and into which objects may be grouped

[SOURCE: ISO 22274:2013, 3.6, modified - Note 1 to entry has been removed. The examples have been removed.]

## compatibility

### backward compatibility

ability for an exchange structure, written against a previous release of a specification, to be readable by an application supporting a later version

### forward compatibility
upward compatibility

ability for an exchange structure, written against a new release of a specification, to still be readable by an application supporting a previous version

Note 1 to entry:  The reading application should not lose functionality provided by the earlier version of the standard.

Note 2 to entry:  Forward compatibility may not be considered explicitly in development of this standard but seen as a desirable property where possible.

## concepts

### concept

> unit of knowledge created by a unique combination of characteristics

Author: ok for me. @TLiebich @berlotti ?

[SOURCE: ISO 5127:2017, 3.1.1.02]

### concept root

> entity to which the concept template is applied

Author: shall I remove it?

> entity to which the concept template is applied

Reviewer: I would keep it (also no comment demanded its removal). My understandign from the definition is the second " the set of applicable entities to which the concept template is made available" - as "to which the concept template is applied" - I prefer to keep it.

EXAMPLE   A root concept representing a wall, air outlet, or construction task is the root of a graph of connected entities and attributes, representing e.g., geometry, material, or breakdown structure.

### concept template
unit of functionality

collection of objects and their relationships that defines one concept such that removal of any component would render the concept incomplete or ambiguous

EXAMPLE  An example of a concept template in the context of a concept root, such as a wall, would consist of the collection of all entities and attributes required to specify a material definition independently of how it is utilized later.

[SOURCE: ISO 10303-1:2021, 3.1.61, modified - unit of functionality used as admitted term, replaced "application objects and their relationships" by "entities and attributes", words "within the application context" removed, Example added]

### concept usage

use of a concept template in context of a concept root

Note 1 to entry:  The use of a concept template may include applying constraints to its usage.

EXAMPLE  The use of a concept template for material definitions for a particular concept root representing a wall.

## constraint

> adaptation of a data type that restricts its range or operations

Reviewer: the current definition comes from ISO 2382 "Information technology — Vocabulary" so it is already focussing on data modeling. We could add a Note to entry to show some means - restriction to a sub type is another one:

<data modelling> adaptation of a data type that restricts its range or operations

Note 1 to entry: Adaptation of a data type by means of restricting to a sub type, a limiting cardinality, or by other procedural rules.

> adaptation of a data type that restricts its range or operations

Author: Are you happy with this? @aothms @TLiebich 
I want to merge this PR **today**

```
## constraint

\<data modelling\> a limitation imposed on data against which the data may be evaluated to determine whether the data is valid within a particular context

\<domain of discourse\> constraint or limiting value or boundary condition that may be applied to an object or to the value of a property (from _IfcConstraint_)
```

> adaptation of a data type that restricts its range or operations

Reviewer 2: Sounds great

> adaptation of a data type that restricts its range or operations

Reviewer: lets make one adjustment:

Are you happy with this? @aothms @TLiebich
I want to merge this PR today

## constraint

\<data modelling\> a limitation imposed on data against which the data may be evaluated to determine whether the data is valid within a particular context

\construction\> constraint or limiting value or boundary condition that may be applied to an object or to the value of a property

> adaptation of a data type that restricts its range or operations

Author: done. Thanks

[SOURCE: ISO 2382:2015, 2122397]

## control

regulation of variables within specified limits

Note 1 to entry: Variables include scope, time and cost

## data dictionary

database that contains metadata

[SOURCE: ISO 12006-3:2022, 3.1]

## data types

### data type

domain of values

[SOURCE: ISO 10303-11:2004, 3.3.5, modified - The word "a" was removed.]

### enumeration data type

data type having as its domain a set of names

[SOURCE: ISO 10302-11:2004, 8.4.1, modified - Definition adapted from normative text]

### select data type

> data type that enables a choice among several named data types

Reviewer 2: In the previous definition we have "one of multiple ...". Currently, "choice" isn't so clear that you can pick only one. Also I would slide in the word "union" which is the typical term to refer to these creatures.

```suggestion
data type that establishes the union of several named data types to allow an attribute value or aggregate element to be one of multiple types or entities
```

Needs some tweaking still

[SOURCE: ISO 10302-11:2004, 8.4.2, modified - Definition adapted from normative text]

## deprecation

act of marking a schema construct to be deleted in a future major release of a specification

Note 1 to entry:  Complying interpreters shall still be able to import deprecated definitions.

Note 2 to entry:  Complying interpreters shall consider modifying export using the proposed alternative definitions instead of the deprecated ones.

## element

physical object with a stated function, form and position

## entity

class of information defined by common properties

[SOURCE: ISO 10303-11:2004, 3.3.6]

## external reference

> locator for referencing information stored outside of the populated schema

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
locator for referencing information stored outside of the model
```

Using an external reference is not limited to concepts outside of the schema.

## exchange structure

computer-interpretable format used for storing, accessing, transferring, and archiving data

[SOURCE: ISO 10303-1:2021, 3.1.36]

## facility
built asset

physical structure, including the related site, serving one or more main purposes

[SOURCE: ISO 12911:2012, 3.9, modified - The words "related site works" have been replaced with "the related site". The admitted term "built asset" has been added.]

## feature

> parametric information and additional property information modifying the shape representation of an element to which it applies

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't use "shape representation" here because in way that remains unaltered as it is represented in the model.

```suggestion
conceptualization of certain design or manufacturing functionality to implicitly alter the geometric form of an element to be computed at import
```

I have an alternative for inspiration.

* BIM: Building Information Modeling
* GUID: Globally Unique Identifier
* IFC: Industry Foundation Classes
* MVD: Model View Definition
* SPF or SPFF: STEP Physical File

> * STEP: Standard for the Exchange of Product data

Reviewer: I found it in another ISO 10303 standard as Standard (lower "t"), so I guess it is fine.
